Contact
grzegorz.smajdor@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/
grzegorzsmajdor (LinkedIn)
grzegorz-smajdor.com (Personal)
github.com/gs/watircuke (Other)
github.com/maltize/sublime-text-2-
ruby-tests (Other)
Top Skills
Training
Engineering
Mentoring
Languages
Polish (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
German (Limited Working)
Certifications
Co-Active Coaching Fundamentals
Grzegorz Smajdor
Co-Founder / Mentor / Software Developer
Greater Hamburg Area
Summary
Love to build great products and deliver value to the market.
Experience
Yelp
Software Engineer
November 2012 - Present (12 years 9 months)
Hamburg Area, Germany
- Lead many high scalable projects, from design to delivery.
- Extending existing products and optimise their performance to fit the
Enterprise businesses
- Experienced in working with distributed teams across different time zones.
- Experienced in building and designing RESTful services.
- Worked on batches, processes, queues.
- Mentoring new hires as well as experienced engineers.
- Pushmaster deputy - responsible for deploying new code requests (new
changes) to production
- Relenge deputy - responsible for set repositories, tools for developing new
services -
deploying new services, changing configuration.
- i18n deputy - responsible for translations workflow, extending localisations
internal tools
- Building real time dashboards / metrics in Splunk
- Building new alerts and views for running batches / infrastructure / systems in
SignalFx
- Code reviews for other developers
Deliverists.io
Co-Founder & CTO
July 2022 - Present (3 years 1 month)
Custom software development agency.
Page 1 of 4
QYPE Gmbh
Lead of Automation Tests and Ruby on Rails Developer
July 2010 - November 2012 (2 years 5 months)
Picking up Rails by passion and as a self learner, built an Automation Testing
Tool(https://github.com/gs/watircukefm) that allowed me to become a QA
Automation Lead and got me a job in an amazing startup that later was
acquired and got me the opportunity to work for a company from California.
Created Framework for Automate Web Testing (Cucumber + WebDriver +
ROR web interface - )
Own OpenSource Project
Ruby on Rails Developer
November 2009 - April 2010 (6 months)
Designing an application
Designing and creating a database
Implementing an application
Setting up server machine
JobPartners
Software Tester
January 2007 - April 2010 (3 years 4 months)
Designing and implementing Automated Testing Tool using Ruby and Watir.
The tool become a standard in the company and was used as an End-to-End
testing tool during our main product release.
Other responsibilites:
Designing and executing tests
Designing and running Performance Tests
Creating reports using quality assurance software
Participate in agile/scrum process
Maintenance of QA Servers
Maintenance of Application Management servers
Running sanity checks on product releases
Creating Test Cases, Test Scenarios
Optician “Walczyk”
Ruby on Rails Developer
January 2009 - April 2009 (4 months)
Page 2 of 4
As passioned Rails Engineer, build a product tailed to the customer needs.
Close work directly with client, direct communication and fully responsible for
design of UI,
design of API and delivery the product to the customer.
PETERPOL
Ruby on Rails Developer
January 2008 - December 2008 (1 year)
Designing an application
Designing and creating a database
Implementing an application
Setting up the server machine
FH AGA
Ruby on Rails Developer
June 2007 - October 2007 (5 months)
Designing an application
Designing and creating a database
Implementing an application
Setting up the server machine
BenQ Poland Sp. z o. o.
UMTS and Customization specialist
2006 - 2007 (1 year)
Kwiaciarnia AGA
Flower supplier and PHP developer
February 1995 - October 2005 (10 years 9 months)
- deliver flowers
- buying supplies
- developing www.kwiaciarnia-aga.pl in PHP
Education
Wyższa Szkoła Biznesu - National Louis University w Nowym Sączu
Post Masters Degree Studies, Programming in Microsoft Visual
Studio · (2009 - 2010)
DePaul University
Master of Science, Computer Science · (2003 - 2005)
Page 3 of 4
Wyższa Szkoła Biznesu - National Louis University w Nowym Sączu
Master of Science, Computer Science · (2000 - 2005)
Page 4 of 4
